Put on a song you love and dance like no one can see you.
Go for a walk amongst nature.
Do some full-body stretches right now.
Put on a YouTube yoga session and exercise along.
Take a walk or bike ride around your neighbourhood.
Think about what you ate recently. Have you been getting 5 a day?
Think about your schedule. Are you brushing your teeth regularly?
Look up a beginner exercise set and get moving!
Find a new delicious recipe and try it out
Stand outside and breathe some fresh air for 5 minutes.
Stuck for exercise? Take the stairs a couple times!
Take 10 deep breaths. In for 4, hold for 4, out for 4, wait for 4.
Are you dehydrated? Drink some water.
Make a bed time goal (and stick to it!)
Don't punish yourself for burnout. It happens to everyone.
Sign up for a new activity, even if it's virtual.
Substitute your next sweet snack for fruit or veg.
Want to do something interesting and active? Try geocaching!
Get out of that chair and stand up straight for 30 seconds.
How many jumping jacks can you do right now?
Next time you shop buy a new type of food you've never tried before.
Replace your next sugary drink with tea or water.
Try a new flavour of tea or coffee.
Organise a friend get-together to play a game.
Get a puzzle book and do one every day to keep your brain healthy.
Think about your diet? Would you benefit from probiotic drinks?
Ignore that fad diet. You're already beautiful.
Focus fully on your food during meals to prevent mindless overeating.
Plan a well-balanced lunch for tomorrow.
Next time you get fast food pick the healthier choice.
Are you tired? You might need a nap.
Think about your diet. Do you need to eat more whole grains?
Abstain from drinking alcohol this week.
Do some gardening or go to the park. Literally smell those roses.
Get a hula hoop. Exercise while having a laugh!
Play that video game that makes you smile.
Engage in a park/backyard game like frisbee or horseshoes.
Draw a picture of your favourite fictional character(s).
Stock the fridge with healthy snacks.
Specifically plan some free time where you do no work at all.
Schedule any doctor appointments you're putting off.
When the sun is next out go and soak up the rays for 10 minutes.
Have a warm drink on a cool night (marshmallows optional).
Go get your favourite blanket.
Are you due a stress-busting shower?
Grab your favourite furry friend, real or stuffed.
Spend a few hours sitting in nature.
Listen to birdsong, on YouTube if you have to.
Listen to nature sounds on the internet, like waves or rain.
Make a playlist of your favourite feel-good songs.
Give yourself a homemade manicure.
Buy a cheap bouquet and display it in your home.
Could you add some indoor plants to your home?
Light your favourite scented candle.
Make your hair nice!
Use a scalp massager. It's funny, but relaxing!
Deep clean the bathroom.
Go to your favourite place and focus on smells and sounds.
Do a face mask. It's frivolous and silly, but it's self care.
Change your bed sheets if they're overdue.
Write down how you've been feeling lately.
Write down 5 things you're grateful for.
Write down your short, medium, and long term goals.
Look for constellations on the next clear night.
Post only positive social media statuses for a month.
Could you spare some change to give to a charity you like?
Declutter your living space, even if it's just a little.
Empty the trash.
Watch some reruns of your favourite show.
Consider the inner strength your past struggles have given you.
Find an inspirational quote and write it down.
Do a random act of kindness or three.
Get that lingering to do list item over with.
Compliment someone and then compliment yourself.
Write down the last genuine compliment you got.
Read a positive news article.
Watch a funny video on YouTube.
Forgive yourself, you're human.
Bake a cake when you next get the chance!
Give yourself a pep talk in the mirror.
Create a vision board to fill with pictures and quotes of motivation.
Celebrate every positive step you've taken this week.
Stop comparing yourself to that other person. You are you.
Write down your current priorities and let go of unimportant stuff.
Let go of FOMO (fear of missing out).
Draw a picture of where you want to be in 5 years.
Try and make the best paper airplane you can using a tutorial.
Think of a new healthy habit you can create.
Print out or make a colouring page. It's not just for kids!
Start a new hobby or pick up an old one.
Think about only the present moment for 2 minutes.
Visit a local museum or gallery and learn something.
Visit an interesting Wikipedia page, learn something new!
Listen to a fun TED talk.
Do a puzzle like sudoku or wordsearch to excercise your brain.
Take a fun personality quiz on the internet.
Watch an interesting documentary.
Try and touch your toes from a standing position.
Look up this day in history for a fun learning activity.
Try a short creative writing task using a prompt generator.
Listen to a podcast you like, or something new.
Learn about the types of plants and flowers you see around you.
Play a game like chess or crossword on your phone.
Make a budgeting spreadsheet if it would help you.
Read a new book that sounds interesting to you.
Plan a trip, even if it's just to a pizzeria.
Call/text your friends and catch up.
Talk to someone new at work.
Write a letter or email to an older family member.
Write 5 positive thoughts and leave them around your home.
Sing a song - doesn't matter if you can't hit the notes!
Think about how you'd advise someone else having the same problem.
Look up pictures of your favourite animal; kittens if you feel uninspired.
Learn how to make a new kind of smoothie.
